Run full CI on leios-main and document the Leios branch workflow (#1292)
IntersectMBO/formal-ledger-specifications: CONTRIBUTING.md

   The initial `formal-ledger-agda` job type-checks the code and uploads the resulting `_build` directory as a GitHub artifact. Subsequent jobs download this artifact to avoid re-compiling Agda code.

+ **Artifact Branches**

   For every push to `master` or `leios-main`, and for every pull request branch, the CI creates a corresponding `<branch-name>-artifacts` branch. This branch stores the generated artifacts (PDFs, HTML, Haskell code).

+ **PDF Generation Note**

   The CI workflow **does not** build PDFs from the current source. Instead, it
   checks out the `legacy-latex-artifacts` branch and copies the PDFs from
   there.

### Leios development workflow

Formalization of the ledger changes required by Ouroboros Leios is staged on the
long-lived `leios-main` integration branch, which evolves in parallel with (but
separate from) the era work on `master`:

+  To work on Leios, branch off of `leios-main` and open a pull request targeting
   `leios-main`. Such PRs run the same full CI as PRs targeting `master`, and each
   merge to `leios-main` refreshes the browsable `leios-main-artifacts` branch.

+  To limit drift, `master` is merged into `leios-main` regularly (merged, not

>    rebased, since the branch is shared).
> 
> +  Changes to shared infrastructure (e.g. `Ledger.Core`, `Ledger.Prelude`, the STS
>    machinery) that the Leios work requires should land on `master` first and then
>    be synced down to `leios-main`, so that the diff between the two branches stays
>    mostly additive.
> 

Reviewer: Too much text, and something that is not about contributing:

```suggestion
### Leios development workflow

Formalization of the ledger changes required by Ouroboros Leios is staged on the `leios-main` branch, which evolves in parallel to `master`:

+  To work on Leios, branch off of `leios-main` and open a pull request targeting
   `leios-main`. Such PRs run the same CI as PRs targeting `master`.
   
+  Changes required but independent of Leios (e.g. `Ledger.Core`, `Ledger.Prelude`, the STS
   machinery) should be made first on a PR to `master` and then merged into `leios-main`.
```

Author: Generally better and more concise, thanks!

But what do you (@carlostome) think about the advice that we should merge `master` into `leios-main` instead of rebasing?  I'm so used to rebasing dev branches on master that I could end up rebasing by force of habbit when bringing `leios-main` up-to-date with `master`.  Do you agree that a merge is better than a rebase in this case and, if so, do you think we should keep that second bullet point from the original edit?
